ADB plugin doc (#228)
launchableinc/cli: docs/test-runners/adb.md

{% endhint %}

## Getting started

First, follow the steps in the [Getting started](../getting-started.md) guide to install the Launchable CLI, set your API key, and verify your connection.

Then return to this page to complete the three steps of implementation:

1. Recording builds
2. Recording test results
3. Subsetting test execution

## Recording builds

Launchable selects tests based on the changes contained in a **build**. To send metadata about changes to Launchable, run `launchable record build` before you create a build in your CI script:

```bash
launchable record build --name <BUILD NAME> --source src=<PATH TO SOURCE>
```

* With the `--name` option, you assign a unique identifier to this build. You will use this value later when you request a subset and record test results. See [Choosing a value for `<BUILD NAME>`](../resources/build-names.md) for tips on choosing this value.
* The `--source` option points to the local copy of the Git repository used to produce this build, such as `.` or `src`. See [Data privacy and protection](../security/data-privacy-and-protection.md) for more info.

## Recording test results

> Currently ADB plugin don't have record results feature. Use [Gradle](./gradle#recording-builds) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the CLI doesn't have a `record tests` command for ADB. Use the [Gradle command](./gradle#recording-test-results) instead.
```
